= qer

* http://github.com/j05h/qer

== DESCRIPTION:

Qer is the friendly easy command-line todo list queueing system.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Qer is a really simple command line task manager.  You add things into your
list, and it stores it for you.  You can treat it like a queue or a stack, 
or both.  Whatever you like.  Qer keeps track of when you put items into
the list so you can know how long they've been there.  

Example Output:
  $ qer
  ---------------------------> Stuff on the Hopper <--------------------------
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (0) Get Groceries from the store.                              > 31 min ago
  (1) Call Mom.  It's her 60th Birthday on Friday!              ~ 5 hours ago
  (2) Write unit tests.                                         ~ 89 days ago
  (3) Come up with self-referential documentation joke.           ~ 1 day ago
  (4) Deploy Qer to github.                                      > 15 sec ago
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Config file:

Qer supports a simple config file for a few options.  Qer will look for a YAML 
config at $HOME/.qer. Here's a sample config file with the available flags.

    --- 
    queue_file: ~/Dropbox/.qer-queue  # default: ~/.qer-queue
    page_width: 100                   # default: 80
    history_length: 45                # default: 30

== SYNOPSIS:

Qer supports various operation for manipulating your Todo list.

Commands:
  print - Prints out the task list
    `qer`
  a(dd) - Adds a task to the end of the list
    `qer add Stuff to do`
  r(emove) - Remove the given task number from the list
    `qer remove 2`
  pu(sh) - Push a task onto the top of the list
    `qer push Another boring thing`
  po(p) - Pops the top item off the list
    `qer pop`
  b(ump) - Bumps the given index to the top of the list,
           or to the specified index
    `qer bump 3`   -> bumps index 3 up to the top
    `qer bump 5 2` -> bumps index five up to 2
  clear - Clears the entire list
    `qer clear`
  clear - Clears the given index without writing to the history file
    `qer clear 2`
  history - displays list of completed tasks
    `qer history`
  help - Prints this message
    `qer help`
    
== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby
* Ruby Gems (for installation)
* Shoulda (to run tests)

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install qer

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Josh Kleinpeter

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
